Vertex v0.6
    "A megalomaniac's Waterloo".
    Randomized non-sequential trading simulator.
    Periods of n-days, called trading cycles, are created from legit instrument data.
    Chart data undergoes a random mathematical transformation each cycle - both time and price. No instrument memory "overfit".
    Complete all cycles and analyse the results of your methods.
    Fake edges will be exposed.


How to use:
    Change paths both on _innit and on _vertex. "Pathing" section on _vertex. No mac, no need to change the mac path.
    First time you need to run _innit, check the code for some possible changes depending on personal preference.
    Run _innit more than once after you made a lot of progress if you enjoy losing progress (or in order to reset).
    Maybe change the class to resources to be comfortable (it's on /resources/buttons/ now).
    You can enter a trade without TP but you have to enter the trade with an SL (this is a lvg workplace sir, no SL is simply not allowed).


    Macros --> 1,2,3,4 for timeframes
               SpaceBar for next 15m candle.
               When initialized, timeframe box will be selected although not noticeable. Click on chart in case macros not working properly.
               All the trades will only be saved at the end of the trading cycle, meaning after clicking the checkmark on the top left (Done).

    Trade datapoints --> Double click candle, check for the update of the buttons.
                         Bottom buttons are:
                         X - cancel current trade (check combo-box and entry line width).
                         Low Battery - low confidence marker (for personal statistical purposes). Re-click to cancel.
                         Banknote - Take-profit, move the 2nd point wherever you want, it will only care about the % it lands on.
                         Broken banknote - Stop-loss.
                         Both TP/SL fade after you move forward. Re-click to view/change them or wait until the play gets filled.

                         *Any button click will enable effects on the specific play selected in the center combo-box.
                         *After entering a trade, its details pop up and the candle that filled it is already processed (no cheating possible)
                         but you can still change them before advancing to the next candle.


Special occasions:
    Just play around it before resetting and starting a new serious _innit setup, it should be an intuitive tool but:
    Can't add an entry to the last candle, tp/sl will not show. It wasn't accounted for on purpose (this is not a momentum trading simulator).
    If you have an entry level really close to the last candle and move up on timeframes, you won't see the level until a new candle (on that higher tf) appears.
    It might be shifting front running one's choices 0.01%, check the code to change that.


Pre-Git:
    Made this for myself a few years ago and I still use it and open a notebook to analyse my results from time to time. It is what it is, nothing more.
    Won't provide other instruments' data, but they're not hard to find. Certain instruments will lack quality unless you pay, that's just how the game works.

